hi my name is Makoto Takayama I'm an
owner chef at crow restaurant let's do
the sashimi of rockin some hundred
Gentry it shouldn't be like folding the
only terrace I'll it's always back up my
baby you know except after created the
salmon next step is cut into back rowing
and Barry rowing then start skinning
skinning of the salmon should be done so
you will be able to see a thin layer of
silver skin still on the fridge this
makes the sashimi more beautiful and
also as very high umami and nutritional
content and women with the part of the
middle of back and very room but don't
throw away as you can use for Tatia now
I'm cutting into a good fruit size for
sashimi the edge of very rowing is what
we call her a sea bed stress the salmon
for sashimi and sushi now sashimi and
sushi slices are always cut against the
grain to cut good sashimi comes down to
two point one is sharp knife to is index
finger sashimi knife is designed to cut
using the full braid by bring the knife
and therefore as a long thin shape to
utilize this the way to hold a knife
becomes very important the index finger
should be straight and farmerie pushing
onto the backbone of the knife
that's the base of red tile of the bread
so it's stunt vertical against the
cutting board when creating a sashimi
dish I image the mountain in Japan this
is where the sharp cut edge of each
piece of sashimi becomes important as
these edges appraise applause just like
those Mountain edges this is one of the
most important aspect of washoku
Japanese quizzing to express the natural
beauty of Japan in the display of the
food the working salmon has a bright
branch fresh contrast with the pure
white fat rinds and beautiful texture
and aroma so it's easy to express the
natural beauty and awesome taste onto
your plate
you